# CS-340-Portfolio
## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I think the most important aspect for this is to ensure your code is properly commented on, that variable and class names are clear, and that it is generally easily readable to everyone. If you are the only person who can work on your code, than it is going to be very unmaintainable for anyone else, and if you want to fix this issue, it will become harder to do the longer you spent not practicing those habbits. 
## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
The first thing I do whenever I have any problem is to plan a solution before working on the problem itself. Before I write a single line of code, I want to have the entire solution behind something laid out before me, preferably written out in a clear manor. This allows the programming part of the solution to be much easier and much more efficiently done, as you won't have to make changes half way through working on it. This is what I've been doing for previous courses and what I continued doing for this course.
## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists use computers to solve problems. A computer can do anything it is told to do, as long as it has the resources to do it, so a computer scientist is a conductor that tells a machine to do a job to solve a problem. This is important because there are a lot of problems that need to be solved, obviously. In this project, the problem was that Grazioso Salvare had a large database, and didn't have a solution for easily conducting operations on that database, so I solved that problem. In the future, I will continue to find out what a problem is and solve it for the company I am working for.
